i said here's i'm eric solid no no he
said i know you you're that notorious
retired command sergeant major with the
big mouth and I said yeah something I go
to that he says I had to share something
with you before the party was over he
said I retired several years ago he said
my last job was at a government
laboratory in Nevada a few miles from
Las Vegas he said I am a plasma fusion
physicist that's my expertise that's
fine tros my background and I like you
know not being a scientist like what
what plasma fusion physicist he said
yeah I would at this laboratory outside
of Las Vegas he says it's not commonly
known that it's a brother secret he says
I weren't five years with two guys who
are not from here they were from
somewhere else and he says they were
delightful people they were scientists
they were working with us they were
assisting us they were encouraging us in
offering us ideas and possibilities and
one thing or another in plasma fusion
which is infinite energy forever but he
says I got to know them pretty well and
he says after a couple of years he said
I i went up to one of them and I said
what do you guys really think of with
human beings and this chap from
somewhere said well since you've asked
we think you are how they diverted a
primitive savage and dangerous race and
scientists said I had to agree with him
we are were a primitive savage and
dangerous race at the moment the other
chap was standing there who had been
listening in he was also from somewhere
said you also smell bad
young woman's stated he doesn't personal
major you know we find that you don't
standard and the scientists said you
know my first thought was in all mine I
didn't spray under my arms this morning
it'll make you know and they tried to
explain that we humans have it a psychic
order about us that they pick up and
they find it terribly offensive but it
hit me between the eyes because when I
was a boy growing up my grandmother used
to say if we could only see ourselves as
others see us it would help so much
develop our integrity and our character
at all wet and this had remark from my
grandmother it means that this we were
getting this so called from the horse's
mouth from one of our extended family
out there that your primitive savage and
you're dangerous but you also stink and
I thought that was humorous and I shared
it with gogo and she said please include
that in her presentation so go go bless
your heart I did that for you you know
good night everybody
just one sentence it relates directly to
a bob is said if you want contact raise
your spirit hi and that's what they want
because they don't want to mix with you
if your savage beasts it's that simple
just relax and be happy and work with
each other it's a very simple message
thank
learn more about Henry deacon he is on
our site we have a lot of very long
transcripts all about who he is some of
where he worked and about Mars we also
have a vertical jump from tomorrow's in
which further grow cotton and bill Ryan
and I discuss some of what he told us
and we're looking for maybe a 15 minute
maybe half hour tomorrow when Henry
Deacon can i address you and maybe tell
you several details Thank You Billy one
more second here I must add this I have
traveled all over the planet and I've
spoken at conferences all over the world
and all over the United States I have
never been to a conference of this
nature without there being at least one
and generally two of the others in the
audience and I wanted you all to think
about that and look around you and noted
in your midst who can refer to it you
have good friends in high places in
there in your kids and I learned over
the years to recognize them exactly its
your family but they're like Ingo Swann
I've developed to the intuitive ability
to spot them and recognize them and now
I have them coming
up to me in conferences introducing
themselves to me and there are no limits
nights no limits life is infinite and
forever and God bless all of you and I
will say goodnight this time
milagrosa modano sobre el horario
previsto a sigue de la Rosa no Brielle
to Messina realtor says angiomas